Updating security model to explain new agent authorization controls (#46)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/architectural-details/security-model.mdx

Workspaces may be configured to share their state with other workspaces within the organization or globally with the entire organization via the [remote state setting](/cloud-docs/workspaces/state#accessing-state-from-other-workspaces). Because workspace state may contain sensitive information, we recommend that you follow the principle of least privilege and only enable state access between workspaces that specifically need information from each other.

### Use Separate Agent Pools for Sensitive Workspaces

> Terraform Cloud Agents can be shared across all workspaces within an organzation, or scoped to specific workspaces. We recommend creating seperate agent pools for sensitive workspaces, to prevent malicious cross-workspace data access via agents.

Author: TODO - link to documentation about this feature.

Reviewer: Below are the links where new workspace scoped agent pool information will be added:

- Agent info - https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs/agents
- API doc info - https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs/api-docs/agents

Reviewer: Here are the PRs under review:
Agents page - https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-docs-agents/pull/9/files 
API docs - https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-docs-common/pull/49/files

> Terraform Cloud Agents can be shared across all workspaces within an organzation, or scoped to specific workspaces. We recommend creating seperate agent pools for sensitive workspaces, to prevent malicious cross-workspace data access via agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform Cloud Agents can be shared across all workspaces within an organization, or scoped to specific workspaces. We recommend creating separate agent pools for sensitive workspaces, to prevent malicious cross-workspace data access via agents.
```
